[ Man ]
Previously on Sons of Anarchy.
Edmond Hayes?
Agent June Stahl.
I am willing to look past
all these illegal guns...
- because I want James O’Phelan.
- Can’t tie anything to Jimmy.
But me dad can.
That’s the four dozen A.K.’s.
Beating was from the League.
This is from me!
[ Shrieking ]
Mr. Weston does
a lot of things very well.
Understanding the need
for this type of relationship
evades him.
This is the third delivery
you haven’t let me pay for.
I’m investing in the future
of your organization.
The night of Bobby’s party,
I was attacked.
- Girl says her baby’s choking.
- Please help me.
Goddamn doll in the car seat.
I came to
handcuffed to a chain link.
There were three of ’em.
When he spoke,
I knew his voice.
Zobelle’s right hand, Weston.
They raped me.
All three of ’em.
This retaliation
needs to be smart.
How do you want to handle it?
We kill ’em all.
And you’re gonna protect SAMCRO?
I’m gonna help a friend.
But you do whatever
you need to do.
Consider yourself acting chief.
Cliffy, Duke.
What the hell is this?
I’m their father.
[ Jax ]
I see your kids are taking
that little trip I arranged.
Son of a bitch.
I’ll kill you for this.
At least I didn’t gang-rape ’em.
You wanna kill me?
Time and place.
Timberland, 8:00.
[ All Shouting ]
A.J. Weston,
you’re under arrest for arson–
burning down Caracara.
- Where’s your father?
- I don’t know.
- [ Gasps ]
- Polly?
Deputy Chief!
[ Shouts ]
Deputy Chief, my daughter and I
are in possession of
illegal narcotics.
Arrest us.
Come on. Let’s go.
We’re gonna kill you.
♪♪ [ Acoustic Guitar ]
[ Man ]
♪ When the world is down ♪
♪ And fast asleep ♪
♪ They can’t break us now ♪
♪ Nobody’s here
for you or me ♪
♪ I’m halfway gone ♪
[ Rumbling ]
♪ Don’t wanna be alone ♪
[ Motors Revving ]
♪ Burn this town ♪
♪ I’ll find you
if you want to be found ♪
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
♪ And I tell myself ♪
♪ They’re not following me ♪
♪ Break me out of here
’cause it’s blindin’ me ♪
♪ Lie to me, baby
Don’t you lie to me ♪
♪ Nothin’s gonna change
if you wait ♪
♪ To save me ♪
[ Radio Chatter ]
♪ And I tell myself ♪
♪ It’s not followin’ me ♪
[ Snoring ]
- ♪ Break me out of here
’cause it’s blindin’ me ♪
- [ Wayne Whistles ]
♪ Nothin’s gonna change
if you can’t
can’t save me ♪♪
What?
Stahl’s been locked
in a room with the F.B.I.
two hours now.
No idea what’s goin’ on.
What about Weston?
Still waitin’ to hear
from the D.A.
Sorry.
You should go on
back to the clubhouse.
They’re gonna need you there.
All right.
You come home to me.
Sack, stay with
my mom and Tara.
Absolutely.
Thanks, bro.
All right?
Yeah.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
Our two-fingered witness,
Chuck Marstein, is a felon.
History of fraud.
Unreliable witness.
Weston walks.
I am not handing
this guy over to Clay.
Well–
Chief, I need
to talk to you.
Uh, talk to my deputy.
He’s in charge.
Right this way.
What the hell happened
in there?
The F.B.I.
is cutting Zobelle loose.
Jesus Christ!
He had a key of heroin,
copped to trafficking.
This is bullshit.
Welcome to my life, Wayne.
Hey– Hey, hey.
Please. Please.
Zobelle is not just
dealing guns and dope.
That scumbag...
had Gemma Teller beaten...
and gang-raped.
Jesus Christ.
I need something
to tell the club,
to tell Gemma.
This guy
just skates away.
Ethan Zobelle...
is an F.B.I. informant.
A rat?
Mm-hmm.
For three years now.
He can tie the dirty deeds
of his organization
to the rich and mighty–
judges, clergymen,
a few senators–
as well as naming
the Aryan shot callers.
He’s a gold mine,
and he knows it.
He keeps churning a profit
while the feds fatten
their case.
No wonder this guy
struts around
like King Farouk.
He’s untouchable.
And the wheels of justice
keep turning, don’t they?
Comfortable?
What?
Bad news
for law enforcement.
Weston and Zobelle
are both walkin’.
How?
Chucky’s testimony
don’t hold up,
and Zobelle has been workin’
for the F.B.I. all along.
A rat?
Trading senators
and A.B. shot callers.
[ Scoffs ]
Thanks.
Get to Otto.
Have him send word
up the ranks.
Gets us protected
inside again.
Stops any Aryan backlash
once we drop Weston.
Hey! Weston’s mine.
I know. Jax.
Right. I need you
to stay with him
back at the house.
[ Deputy ]
Okay. Got it.
My guys will escort you...
wherever you need to go.
That won’t be necessary.
- [ Motors Revving ]
- [ Rumbling ]
Holy shit.
[ Tig ] Alvarez.
Brown’s protecting
their investment, huh?
There’s not gonna be
another battle in Charming.
Too late.
War’s already started.
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
[ Urinating ]
[ Zipper Zips ]
[ Flushing ]
Not gonna wash your hands?
Ain’t you wondering why
your boss was locked up,
why he ain’t now?
He’s not my boss...
or my concern.
[ Chuckles ]
I’d probably feel
the same way...
if I found out
I was workin’ for a rat.
The guy in the suit
that walked them out of here?
He’s not a lawyer.
F.B.I. handler.
Informant?
[ Scoffs ]
Three years.
We can’t touch him.
Why are you
telling me this?
The hate you got
in your heart for color?
Multiply it by 10,
point it at yourself,
Zobelle,
and hang my name on it.
I hope you rip each other
to shreds.
We were just, uh,
saying our good-byes.
Eyewitness
was unreliable.
D.A. is not
pursuing charges.
You’re free to go.
I can’t prove what you did
to Gemma Teller,
and handing you
over to Clay would be
a satisfying consolation.
Fortunately for you,
I’m a cop
actually bound
by the law.
You stay local,
SAMCRO will kill you.
I can’t leave
without my boys.
Maybe I can
arrange a visit.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
How are you gettin’ by?
Ten percent vision.
[ Chuckles ]
It’s, uh, lightened
the work detail.
[ Chuckles ]
Resigned to, uh,
books on tape.
[ Fingers Tap Table ]
It’s time
for retribution, bro.
We got some intel
the Aryan shot callers
are gonna want to know.
Okay.
Come on. You can
eat that in the car.
What? I wanna see.
Who was that?
Weston.
He knows you’re working
with the F.B.I.
Said you’re a dead man.
[ Chuckles ]
What do we do, Dad?
Adjust and adapt,
like we always do.
When I became... obliged
to the F.B.I.,
it was inevitable that
my shift in alliances...
would be exposed.
We were prepared.
Witness Protection?
No. Wit Pro is a fantasy.
It was never an option.
We’ll go home.
We’ll regroup.
God will lead us
to the next right place.
Home?
Budapest?
We’ll be safe
and comfortable there.
I’ll have a chance
to rebuild.
It won’t take long
for this news to get out
on the streets.
When it does,
our Mexican cohorts
will not be compelled...
to– [ Chuckles ]
give us assistance.
We should leave now.
I will charter a jet
out of Sacramento.
Today?
Well, we have no choice.
I have to go back
to the house.
Why?
Pack.
All my stuff is here.
I just can’t leave.
You’re going to see him.
I have to.
You are smarter than that.
Daddy, I have done everything
you’ve asked me to.
Everything!
I believe in you.
I love you.
But I need to do this.
I’ll be back in an hour.
[ Door Closes ]
So, where we at?
I cleared out Floyd
and everyone else
in the potential line of fire.
Look.
Helping SAMCRO,
it’s about Gemma.
I get it.
But if these guys
open up on Main Street?
I gotta call
the sheriff.
Whoa, whoa.
This is Charming business.
Hey, look at this.
If this goes south,
we can’t contain it.
All right?
This is the goddamn
Wild West!
You put me in charge.
I’m calling.
Downloaded Otto.
Weston out yet?
Yeah.
Hale got Eglee
to give him an escort
out of town.
Makin’ a stop
to see his kids first.
Sanwa C.F.S.
I’ll catch him
at Family Services.
Hey. No harm
to my officer.
Yeah.
Let’s go, brother.
Hey. And me.
I’ll handle the rest.
Hey. Stop right there.
That’s far enough.
Just want
a discussion, man.
He’s clean.
Don’t know what
the drama’s all about, ese.
Just buying a few cigars.
Our truce? Null and void.
You need to buy cigars
someplace else.
I’m not staying long.
Just showing a new friend
out of town.
Your new friend?
He hurt my club,
and my town,
and my family.
You got no idea who you
crawled into bed with.
Send your crew home, Clay.
[ Scoffs ]
Let me do
what I gotta do.
[ Flicks Lighter ]
Or I’ll call in
another charter.
We can turn Main Street
into Día de los Muertos.
Why didn’t you tell him
Zobelle’s a rat?
’Cause he’d kill him,
and that’s mine.
♪♪ [ Dramatic ]
[ Man, Irish Accent ]
Intellect throws each man
back upon himself...
into a solitude
from which he looks out
with absolutely strange eyes...
on society.
And if the spectacle
touches him,
if it rouses interest
and compassion,
his feeling will be
for those tender ones
of the great human flock...
when the shepherds shear,
and starve, and sell,
but do not feed.
Imperfect education
makes the rank and file
of revolutionists;
but from time to time
a leader steps down to them...
out of the highest circles–
a Mirabeau, a Rochefort,
a Prince Krapotkine.
The desire of
the sons of anarchy
is, indeed,
to dispense with leaders;
for since all men
in the formula are equal,
it is unreasonable
that one should lead
rather than another.
♪♪ [ Dramatic ]
Beating was from Sam Crow.
This... is from me.
[ Groans, Grunting ]
[ Muffled Screaming ]
[ Kicking Bookshelf ]
[ Groans ]
[ Woman ] You’ve reached
the end of side one.
Please turn over the tape.
Here we go.
[ Opie ]
What the hell is he
doing with his kid?
Shit. He’s taking
the kid with him.
Call Unser. Find out
what’s going on.
[ Sniffs ]
[ Footsteps ]
[ Knocking ]
[ June ]
Your cell’s ringing.
Get out here.
[ Rings ]
Hey, come on!
Yeah, yeah. I’m comin’.
[ Rings ]
Go.
Hello?
Eddie, it’s Da.
Da, where the hell–
Just listen, boy.
Picked up a tail.
Gotta be feds.
Probably on you too.
Meet at the place.
We’ll talk safe.
One hour.
[ Typing ]
No trace.
Wants to meet
at the wharf.
Let’s go. Move.
It’s time.
Let’s make the Mexicans
feel welcome.
You and the Nomads,
keep an eye on things.
Rest of us, clubhouse.
Call you when they
get restless.
[ Motor Revving ]
Would be a good time
to take our ride.
We have to wait
for Polly.
Hey, I’m all about family, man,
but Clay ain’t the kind of guy
that rolls over.
May not get
this window again.
We wait.
[ Siren Wailing In Distance ]
Yeah.
Okay. Cool.
[ Exhales ]
So they gave Weston...
a supervised visit
with his kid,
Unser’s cop as chaperone.
And he took him
for ink.
Perfect.
Guess little Cliffy
couldn’t go.
He’s in a psych eval.
Go figure.
Weston, two inkers,
two customers,
the kid and the cop.
Freddy a friend?
Think so.
We gotta get Weston
away from his kid.
Yeah.
Make the call.
[ Tool Buzzing ]
[ Phone Rings ]
[ Rings ]
Can you get that, baby?
[ Line Ringing ]
This is Freddy.
It’s Opie, Sam Crow.
Need a favor.
The guy on your table?
Club wants him.
He raped
a member’s mother.
Need to get him clear
of the kid and the cop.
In five minutes,
give him a reason
to go to the bathroom.
Think you can do that,
Freddy?
I got no problem
with that.
Club will
owe you one.
Come on. Let’s go.
[ Van Door Opens ]
Good?
[ Buzzing ]
Shit!
Come on!
Sorry, man.
We’re okay.
You should go rinse
that off though.
[ Radio Chatter ]
Hey, Duke.
You gotta piss?
Shit.
Jesus.
It’s okay, Dukie.
Get rid of him.
[ Exhales ]
Head back, Dukie.
I gotta talk
to these guys.
Say nothing,
no matter what happens.
You understand?
You don’t ever talk
to the cops.
I love you.
He never sees this.
[ Shells Clattering ]
[ Radio Chatter ]
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Da. A.T.F. has me.
Go.
Said they were gonna
tell Jimmy I was a rat.
I didn’t help!
Now, listen to me, boy.
Gotta convince Jimmy you’d
do anything for the cause.
Yeah, okay!
What do I do?
Kill that A.T.F. bitch.
Don’t care how you do it.
Just get it done.
How do I–
She’s a fed.
This is the call, boy.
This is you being a man.
Figure it out. Do it.
Let me know
when it’s done.
Hey, hey!
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
Very, very sneaky, Eddie.
Very sneaky and very stupid.
It’s the only way I could
get him to come in.
Told him the safe house
was clear.
Gonna meet me there,
one hour.
Good boy.
Hey, whoa, whoa–
My da’s smart.
He’s got scanners,
detectors.
He sees anyone,
hears anything,
he’ll know it’s a trap.
Yeah, well, I can’t exactly
trust you alone, now, can I?
Then just you.
No one else.
Okay. Come on.
[ Chattering ]
It’s done.
I’m so proud of you.
Me too.
[ Exhales ]
[ Liquid Pouring ]
Where are we at?
Puerto Ricans
watching Zobelle.
Where’s my mom?
Her and, uh, Tara
are getting supplies.
Sack’s with them.
You’re a good son.
- Sons.
Sons.
[ Glasses Clattering ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Wind Chimes Tinkling ]
[ Coos ]
[ Trunk Closes ]
Give me those.
I’m driving.
Okay.
[ Tara ]
That blonde.
She’s the one you chased.
Who is she, Gemma?
Zobelle’s daughter.
She’s the one
who told me her baby
was choking.
Hit me over the head.
[ Engine Starts ]
Where are we going?
Forward, sweetheart.
[ Teakettle Whistle Blowing ]
[ Whistle Stops ]
You take milk?
I think I might be sick.
Go.
[ Dog Barking In Distance ]
[ Exhales ]
What are you gonna
do with that?
Box you put me in,
give me no choice.
Shh, shh, shh.
Put the gun down.
[ Unsteady Breathing ]
- [ Gasps ]
Wha– Oh!
- [ Gunshot ]
Jesus! What the–
Blanks. We knew
the gun was there.
Knew that the cell phone
was at the wharf.
We’ve been
one step ahead, Eddie.
[ Gasps ]
And now...
I’m gonna send Daddy
a text...
from your phone...
telling him
that I am dead...
and that it’s safe...
to come around
and pick you up.
Why’d you let me
take it this far?
You could’ve just told me,
sent the text.
I was curious.
Wanted to see if you
had the balls.
But you didn’t.
I guess Da raised
a little Irish pussy.
[ Grunts ]
Oh!
[ Gunshots ]
[ Shouts ]
[ Panting ]
Shit.
[ Man ]
Stahl, we heard shots
over the wire.
Give us a status update.
Over.
Those were the blanks.
I guess old Edmond here
had the nerve after all.
I sent a message
to Cameron,
so keep the streets clear...
and disengage the wire,
go radio silence.
I don’t want a scanner
or a $20 R.F. detector...
taking this operation.
[ Chattering ]
- We gotta go... now.
- She’ll be back soon.
I got guys out there
with outstanding warrants.
Those sheriffs start running
plates, you’re gonna lose
half your escort.
[ Beeping ]
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
What are we
doing here, Gemma?
[ Abel Cooing ]
That rape would’ve
destroyed most women,
but it made you stronger,
wiser, compassionate.
And whatever it is
you think you have to do,
you’re past it.
My son, my husband,
their brothers–
They’re out there risking
their lives, their freedom,
for me.
This is how I do my part.
God’s put her in my path
so I can fix that part of me...
that they ripped open.
I’m supposed to do this.
Jesus.
Do you even hear
what you’re saying?
Get my grandson home safe.
Love you, Tara.
I’m glad you’re
with my boy.
Gemma,
please don’t do this.
It’ll be okay.
[ Kisses ]
I’ll be okay.
Hey.
Where’s she going?
Stay here. She may need
to get out fast.
Aw, shit.
[ Knocking ]
[ Knocking Continues ]
Edmond?
Eddie?
It’s me.
Edmond, are you here?
Where are you?
Eddie?
Oh, God.
[ Sobs ]
[ Clattering ]
[ Hammer Clicks ]
Put down the gun.
You’re the one
that killed him.
Turn around.
Turn around!
[ Grunts ]
[ Exhales ]
Bloody day
for both of us.
Push the gun on the floor.
[ Kicks Gun ]
Was she involved
in the rape?
I’m sorry that
that happened to you.
And now what happens?
Go.
I’ll give you some time
to slip away.
Why would you do that?
At least see your family
before we pick you up.
But head out the back,
avoid my guys in the front.
I’m giving you a chance.
Go.
Hey.
What are you doing?
You need to
put down the gun.
Huh.
Goddamn.
You are a smart bitch.
Clock’s tickin’, darlin’.
[ Door Closes ]
This is Stahl.
Status update.
Cameron Hayes
never showed.
The girlfriend,
Polly Zobelle, did.
I told Edmond
to get rid of her,
but before he could,
Clay Morrow’s old lady
followed her in, armed.
She sucker punched me,
took my gun,
shot the girl in the chest.
Edmond panicked,
ran for the door.
Gemma shot him in the back
with my weapon.
He’s dead.
She took off.
I couldn’t stop her.
[ Radio Crackles ]
Oh, Mother Mary.
Shit!
Eddie.
Oh, shit! My boy!
[ Siren Wailing ]
Oh, shit.
[ Motor Starts ]
[ Radio Crackles ]
[ Man ] No sign of any
suspects in the yard.
[ Radio Crackles ]
Hey, we’re going,
with or without you.
I’m ready.
Can you please...
leave one of your men here
in case Polly shows up?
Yeah.
Okay.
[ Motorcycles Starting ]
It’s, uh, ready
and waiting.
[ Rings ]
Yeah.
[ Gemma ]
Wayne.
I need a little help.
What’s the matter,
darlin’?
Where are you?
I’m on the lam.
We’ve got company.
Yee-hah!
Shit!
[ Gunshot ]
[ Grunts ]
Alvarez! Take off,
or we finish this!
Let’s go. Let’s go!
Go get King Whitey.
Okay, kids.
Grab a snack.
[ Girl ]
I think I’m gonna get
some ice cream.
[ Opie ]
Yep, that’s his car.
Check it out.
All right.
Hey, kids.
Guys–
Guys, come here.
[ Children Laughing ]
[ Chattering ]
Oh, yeah. He’s in there.
He’s surrounded with
a busload of kids.
Probably calling for backup.
Maybe the sheriffs.
- Who gives a shit?
- Those kids clear,
we kill him.
Yeah.
[ Door Opens ]
Jax?
It’s just me.
Where’s Gemma?
I don’t know.
Feds raided the house.
I had to leave.
Oh, shit!
You better call Jax.
[ Sighs ]
[ Phone Beeping ]
[ Ringing ]
Hey.
Uh, I didn’t want to
bother you with this.
What’s the matter?
It’s Gemma. She followed
Zobelle’s daughter and–
[ Gasps ]
Tara?
Tara!
[ Beeps ]
What?
Tara!
- What?
- Something’s wrong.
I gotta go.
- I’m with you, brother.
- Yeah. Me too.
The weapon.
What are you doing?
What do you want?
Gemma killed my Eddie.
Figured maybe...
I’d kill an old lady,
even the score.
[ Gasps ]
Don’t get brave, boyo.
Sit.
- Sit!
- [ Gasps ]
[ Abel Fussing ]
[ Fussing ]
There we are.
Son for a son.
Seems about right.
- No!
- Don’t!
[ Gasps ]
[ Tara Gasping ]
[ Grunting ]
Please. No!
[ Grunts ]
[ Shouts ]
[ Gasping ]
Wait.
No! Oh, please!
[ Gasps ]
Oh!
Oh, my–
[ Cries ]
Oh!
Please.
[ Sobs ]
[ Whimpering ]
No!
[ Fussing ]
[ Whimpering ]
[ Sobbing ]
[ Cooing ]
Line one, Chief.
Yeah?
[ Zobelle ] Clay and
his men attacked me.
I am trapped. Deli Mart,
Tyler Creek and Stallion.
Bad day for the Zobelles
to leave Charming.
Feds found your daughter
shot to death...
in some shit hole in Galt.
I’ll get the sheriffs
right out there.
You want the Sanwa sheriff?
Nah.
[ Girl Laughing ]
That’s it.
Kids are finishing up.
Convince the locals
to buy their snacks
someplace else.
Tell the deli clerk
to take a break.
Done.
Oh! Oh!
My baby. Tara!
Shit.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
[ Gasps ]
Oh, baby.
Are you okay?
He took Abel.
[ Sobs ]
What?
- Who took him?
- That Irishman I patched up.
Oh!
Cameron.
[ Woman ]
Hey, come on, you guys.
Get on the bus.
[ Door Bell Chimes ]
[ Door Closes ]
[ Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Everything all right?
I need you.
[ Phone Beeps ]
We gotta go.
[ Tig ] What? What are
you talking about?
Zobelle’s unprotected.
Irish took my grandson.
Son of a bitch!
♪♪ [ Rock ]
[ Man ]
♪ Ooh, a storm
is threatening ♪
♪ My very life today ♪
♪ If I don’t get some shelter ♪
♪ Oh, yeah
I’m gonna fade away ♪
[ Abel Crying ]
♪ War, children ♪
♪ It’s just a shot away
It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ War, children ♪
♪ It’s just a shot away
It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ Ooh, see the fire
is sweepin’ ♪
♪ Our very street today ♪
♪ Burns like
a red coal carpet ♪
I’ll get this.
♪ Mad bull lost his way ♪
Is it just you then
this afternoon?
Yes.
My, uh, daughter
will not be joining me.
Oh, I’m sorry.
Well–
We... adjust...
and adapt, yes?
[ Sobbing ]
♪ It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ It’s just a shot away
It’s just a shot away ♪
Local police struck out.
It looks like Gemma’s
in the wind.
♪ It’s just a shot away ♪
Any idea where
we’re headed?
No.
♪ Rape, murder ♪
♪ War ♪
♪ It’s just a shot away
It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ Rape, murder ♪
♪ War ♪
[ Tires Screech ]
♪ It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ Rape, murder ♪
♪ It’s just a shot away
It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ Ooh, the flood
is threatenin’ ♪
♪ My very life today ♪
♪ Gimme, gimme shelter ♪
- ♪ Or I’m gonna fade away ♪
- Far dock!
♪ War, children ♪
♪ It’s just a shot away
It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ War, children ♪
♪ It’s just a shot away
It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ Shot away, shot away ♪
[ Crying ]
[ Motor Cranks ]
♪ It’s just a kiss away
It’s just a kiss away ♪
♪ Kiss away, kiss away ♪
♪ I tell you, love, sister ♪
♪ It’s just a kiss away
It’s just a kiss away ♪
kiss away, kiss away ♪
♪ It’s just a kiss away ♪
♪ Love, sister ♪
He took my son.
He took my son!
♪ Kiss away, kiss away ♪
♪ Rape, murder ♪
♪ It’s just a shot away
It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ Rape, murder ♪
[ Crying ]
♪ It’s just a shot away
It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ Rape, murder ♪
[ Screams ]
No!
♪ It’s just a shot away
It’s just a shot away ♪
♪ Rape, murder ♪♪